---
sequence: 0.001
date: 2020-07-07
title: Welcome Back
slug: about
---

Been a long time, huh?

I know what you're thinking, constant reader, but I'm serious this time. Okay,
maybe not serious, but at least pragmatic.

The first time around, I tried to crank out 100-200 word reviews of everything I
watched. The result was umderwhelming. Lots of cliches and telling versus
showing.

The second time around, I prioritized quality over quantity and it worked. My
writing got better, but my output trickled down to one review a week, then one
every few weeks, then one a month, then none for years. The notion of writing a
definitive evergreen review for a film was daunting and I would rewrite and
rewrite until I lost all perspective.

This time, I'm going for a middle ground. You see, looking back on those early
reviews, I can see myself getting better the more I wrote. But I can't crank out
several hundred words of definitive analysis for every movie I watch. I have
kids and a day job. So this time, I'm giving myself an out--a one or two
paragraph impression that's not meant to be all encompassing, just a reflection
of my feelings about _that viewing_.

Also, I'm leaving the door open to re-visit a film and add another review. Maybe
building on the first, or maybe rethinking some of my earlier ideas.

But wait, there's more.

This time around, I've decided to focus my efforts. At my age, the amount of
time I have left on this planet is slightly less than the time I've spent here.
And that time seems to be flying by faster than ever. To that end, I've compiled
a review bucket-list based on some of my favorite stars, directors, and writers.
I called it the [Watchlist](/watchlist/). Go ahead and take a look. Four
thousand plus titles means I likely won't get through them all [^ Never mind that
some are near impossible to find.] but it'll be a fun effort.

Lastly, you may be asking "Why bother?" I'm not delusiounal, constant reader, I
know you are me, as no one else reads this site. But we both know we're doing
this for our kids, so when they're our age and we've departed this crazy chuck
of rock floating in space, they'll have these words as a way of connecting with
us across time, our middle-aged selves to theirs. So future readers, I ask you
not to judge me too harshley and place these reviews in their time. Know I mean
no ill-will and will try to be worthy of being your father, but if a hundred
years of cinema has taught me anything its that today's innocous joke can become
tomorrow's offensive trigger. My hope is that though you may disagree with my
opinions, you'll find the writing rewarding.

Thanks, and happy watching.

-Frank
